1sg = to
2sg = nu
3sg = ko
1pl = su
2pl = erru
3pl = yoso
food = sapi
dog = komo
dog-pl = komoku
cat = kene
cat-pl = keneku
water = isi
fruit = poko
meat = kupi
tree = uta
rock = toto
person = mutu
person-pl = mutuku
today = kesere
yesterday = potore
eat-pst.1sg = kamape
eat-pst.2sg = kamani
eat-pst.3sg = kama
eat-pst.1pl = kamasi
eat-pst.2pl = kamarri
eat-pst.3pl = kamai
eat-prs.1sg = kame
eat-prs.2sg = kameni
eat-prs.3sg = kamo
eat-prs.1pl = kamesi
eat-prs.2pl = kamei
eat-prs.3pl = kami
see-pst.1sg = yunape
see-pst.2sg = yunani
see-pst.3sg = yuna
see-pst.1pl = yunasi
see-pst.2pl = yunarri
see-pst.3pl = yunai
see-prs.1sg = yune
see-prs.2sg = yuneni
see-prs.3sg = yuno
see-prs.1pl = yunesi
see-prs.2pl = yunei
see-prs.3pl = yuni
see-pst.1sg = yunape
see-pst.2sg = yunani
see-pst.3sg = yuna
see-pst.1pl = yunasi
see-pst.2pl = yunarri
see-pst.3pl = yunai
see-prs.1sg = yune
see-prs.2sg = yuneni
see-prs.3sg = yuno
see-prs.1pl = yunesi
see-prs.2pl = yunei
see-prs.3pl = yuni
have-pst.1sg = misape
have-pst.2sg = misani
have-pst.3sg = misa
have-pst.1pl = misasi
have-pst.2pl = misarri
have-pst.3pl = misai
have-prs.1sg = mise
have-prs.2sg = miseni
have-prs.3sg = miso
have-prs.1pl = misesi
have-prs.2pl = misei
have-prs.3pl = misi
want-pst.1sg = ikape
want-pst.2sg = ikani
want-pst.3sg = ika
want-pst.1pl = ikasi
want-pst.2pl = ikarri
want-pst.3pl = ikai
want-prs.1sg = ike
want-prs.2sg = ikeni
want-prs.3sg = iko
want-prs.1pl = ikesi
want-prs.2pl = ikei
want-prs.3pl = iki
take-pst.1sg = korape
take-pst.2sg = korani
take-pst.3sg = kora
take-pst.1pl = korasi
take-pst.2pl = korarri
take-pst.3pl = korai
take-prs.1sg = kore
take-prs.2sg = koreni
take-prs.3sg = koro
take-prs.1pl = koresi
take-prs.2pl = korei
take-prs.3pl = kori
make-pst.1sg = tilape
make-pst.2sg = tilani
make-pst.3sg = tila
make-pst.1pl = tilasi
make-pst.2pl = tilarri
make-pst.3pl = tilai
make-prs.1sg = tile
make-prs.2sg = tileni
make-prs.3sg = tilo
make-prs.1pl = tilesi
make-prs.2pl = tilei
make-prs.3pl = tili